Poap package (#24)
poap-xyz/poap.js: packages/poaps/README.md

# @poap-xyz/poaps

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

> @poap-xyz/poaps is a package to interact with POAPs Tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`@poap-xyz/poaps` is a package to fetch information about POAPs tokens, their on-chain data, their related drop and metadata.
```

## Features

> - Fetch a single POAP
> - Fetch multiple POAPs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fetch a single POAP token,
- Search over minted POAPs by their collector or the drop they belong.
```
